kl93		I don't have any potatoes.
kl93	*	I have any potatoes.
kl93		O is a DE operator iff if A => B then O(B) = O(A).
kl93		swim = move
kl93		At most three girls saw anything.
kl93	*	At least three girls saw anything.
kl93		Every girl who saw anything was happy.
kl93	*	Some girl who saw anything was happy. issues.
kl93		the connection between PS any and FC any (goal: a unified analysis); ii. any as an expression which indicates reduced tolerance of ex ceptions; iii. the distribution of the NPI as determined by its meaning and function; iv. empirical problems with the licensing of NPIs
kl93		Any owl hunts mice.
kl93		Any lawyer could tell you that.
kl93		I would dance with anybody.
kl93		Almost every lawyer could answer that question.
kl93		Almost no lawyer could answer that question.
kl93	*	Almost some lawyer could answer that question.
kl93		Almost any lawyer could answer that question.
kl93	*	I don't have almost any potatoes. absolutely. Note that we are not concerned with a reading of (17) where almost is a sentential adverb.) It seems then, that we should draw the conclusion - towards which Carlson (1981) leans - that any is lexically ambiguous: PS any is an existential quantifier, and FC any is a universal quantifier.
kl93		I would dance with Mary or Sue.
kl93		Mary or Sue could tell you that.
kl93		Do you have dry socks? claim.
kl93		Perhaps some dry socks would help?
kl93		Any owl hunts mice.
kl93		An owl hunts mice.
kl93		Generics allow exceptions. For example, sentence (22) can be true in a situation where there are, say, baby owls that don't hunt mice. The baby owls are legitimate exceptions to the rule. As is well known, this phenomenon is a special feature of generics, and cannot be attributed to ordinary contextual restrictions ('baby owls are not relevant in the con text'), since generic statements allow exceptions in a way that other quant ified statements do not. For example, compare (23) with (24) (as they are given, out of the blue). (23) is perfectly natural and true, although most poodles (including all male ones) do not give live birth. In contrast, (24) seems false.
kl93		A poodle gives live birth. (after Carlson, 1977)
kl93		Every poodle gives live birth.
kl93		A large dog gives live birth.
kl93		Generic statements have a modal nature - statements like (22) are exceptions. Compare the (a) and (b) sentences in the following examples.
kl93		I don't have potatoes.
kl93		I don't have any potatoes. (=(1) above)
kl93		Every man who has matches is happy.
kl93		Every man who has any matches is happy.
kl93		An owl hunts mice. (=(22) above)
kl93		Any owl hunts mice. (=(10) above) relevant. For example, suppose you say (29) or (30).
kl93		Could we make some French fries?
kl93		I feel like French fries. Do you have cooking potatoes today? either. My utterance may very well imply that I am no longer in possession of the potted potatoes that you eyed hungrily on previous occasions. Even though decorative potatoes would not normally be relevant in the context of (30), the use of any may indicate that they too are no exception to the claim that I don't have potatoes.
kl93		YOU: Will there be French fries tonight? true. When I reply to your second question with (26b), I use ANY to indicate that even potatoes in small quantities - even potatoes that were earlier excluded from the domain of quantification - are no exception: I don't even have potatoes in small quantities.
kl93		, while the context makes it clear that the extension of potatoes in (26b) is widened to include potatoes in small quantities, all sorts of potatoes may remain excluded - for example rotten potatoes, or non-cooking potatoes.
kl93		An owl hunts mice.
kl93		Any owl hunts mice. general. As discussed above, both can easily be regarded as true even if there are in fact owls that do not hunt mice - one weird owl that refuses to hunt mice would be regarded not as a counterexample but as a legitimate exception to the rule. But (28b) differs from (28a) in that it seems to convey reduced tolerance regarding exceptions. Compare (32) and (33).
kl93		A sick owl doesn't hunt mice.
kl93		A sick owl doesn't hunt mice. well. Further discussion of how exactly widening works in FC examples will be postponed till Section 4.
kl93		indicates widening along the 'healthy vs. sick' dimension, and is likely to be restricted to that dimension only. In the context in (33), the weird owl mentioned above may well continue to be a legitimate exception, very young owls may all be regarded as legitimate exceptions, and so on. (It is the fact that widening is restricted to a dimension that allows sentences with FC any to preserve the exception-allowing feature characteristic of generic statements.) not. But one might want to question this. Consider (34) and (35) - these examples sound very neutral.
kl93		Why don't we make some French fries?
kl93		Are you prepared for school tomorrow? addressed. This may suggest that any without major stress does not involve widening. If so, one might want to claim that when widening does occur, it is induced by the emphasis and not by the meaning of any.
kl93		And then all the owls go on a mice hunt.
kl93		And then all the owls go on a mice hunt.
kl93		An owl hunts mice.
kl93		If you take a dry match and strike it, it lights.
kl93		If you take a dry match and strike it, it lights.
kl93		Every match I strike lights. - Not ANY match, of course, a wet one doesn't.
kl93		#Every match I strike lights. - Not EVERY match, of course, a wet one doesn't.
kl93		is natural, because any expresses widening. The continuation, using any, indicates that the interpretation of match in the first sentence was
kl93		I don't have ANY potatoes.
kl93		I don't have ANY potato.
kl93		I don't have A potato.
kl93		I don't have ONE potato.
kl93		I don't have TWO potatoes. widening. In (46), we can have an effect reminiscent of 'real' widening -
kl93		can mean 'not even one potato', suggesting that only larger quantities were previously (or might have been) considered relevant. But this is not the widening we observe with any - in (46), the issue of what counts as dimension. Moreover, it is not clear that stress alone creates the 'widening like' effect in (46); the fact that 'one' is the smallest quantity (for whole potatoes) seems to play a central role. In (47), where the number is bigger, it seems that no such effect is created. widening. But this type of example seems to us to be exceptional in this regard. We think that we do observe widening again when unstressed PS any occurs not directly under negation.
kl93		At most three teachers assigned homework.
kl93		At most three teachers assigned any homework.
kl93		Every student who handed in (some) homework will get a prize.
kl93		Every student who handed in any homework will get a prize.
kl93		Before you make (your) plans, consult the secretary.
kl93		Before you make any plans, consult the secretary.
kl93		Is there something I can do for you?
kl93		Is there anything I can do for you? tions.
kl93		A PROFESSIONAL dancer would be able to do it.
kl93		Any PROFESSIONAL dancer would be able to do it.
kl93		. (It doesn't matter here if any is stressed or unstressed.)
kl93		We don't have potatoes, or at least not enough.
kl93	*	We don't have any potatoes, or at least not enough. statement. widening. At the same time, strengthening can be seen as a lexicalization of a pragmatic function - any can be regarded as a particular kind of emphatic particle, whose role is to create a stronger statement.
kl93		I don't have any potatoes.
kl93		can be represented as something like (54) (i.e., exactly like the sen tence I don't have potatoes).
kl93		-i3x [Potato(x) & I have(x)]
kl93		would mean that we have no cooking potatoes. Any widens the interpretation of potato, for example, to include decorative potted pota toes, in which case (54) would mean that we don't even have potted potatoes. Now, any is licensed in (1), because the widening that it induces makes the statement expressed by (1), viz., the statement given in (54), stronger - (54) on the wide interpretation of potato entails (54) on the narrow interpretation of potato: wide: We don't have potatoes, cooking or other. a narrow: We don't have cooking potatoes.
kl93	*	I have any potatoes.
kl93		Every man who has any matches is happy. happy.
kl93	*	Every boy has any potatoes. pattern. Hence, for many examples we make the same predictions as tiveness. Given that anything is the weakest element in a set of alterna tives, a sentence like I saw anything expresses the weakest statement ('I saw a thing') in a corresponding set of alternative statements (such as 'I saw a yellow thing'). Since in any natural context where I saw anything is true, some more informative (stronger) alternatives are true as well, ut tering this sentence would fail to be informative enough, and would there fore violate Grice's maxim of Quantity. On the other hand, I didn't see anything is provably the strongest statement possible (if true), hence ut tering such a sentence is fine.
kl93	*	It's not the case that every boy has any potatoes. any. We have said that widening has to strengthen the statement that any is in. But WHAT statement that any is in? This is where locality comes in, in our theory: it is the 'local' statement that has to be strengthened.
kl93		, which does not satisfy strengthening. Hence (56) is out for the same reason as (55). paper. Our purpose in this section was just to indicate the role of the locality constraint - whatever form it should take - in determining what statement has to be strengthened. in.
kl93		I'm surprised we had any potatoes.
kl93		I expected that we would not have any potatoes.
kl93		implicates (58). In (58), any potatoes is in the immediate scope of negation, and (58) virtually guarantees the truth of (57) (apart from the factive presupposition, i.e., provided that it is assumed that we had pota toes). Hence (58) is a licensing NI for (57). Linebarger argues that her analysis can explain why in certain non-DE contexts NPIs are allowed and licensing. negation. As Linebarger notes, this carries over to her theory. Any state ment entails its double negation, and the latter allows NPIs and certainly guarantees the truth of the original statement, so it is predicted that NPIs should always be licensed. Linebarger merely stipulates that licensing by double negation is not allowed. However, this does not solve the problem of over-licensing. What we would like to point out is that this problem is a general one, of which the double negation case is only one instance. It is easy to find other examples of the same problem, which do not involve double negation. For instance, (59) should be licensed, because it entails
kl93		, and (60) guarantees its truth.
kl93	*	All but at most three boys saw anything.
kl93		At most three boys didn't see anything.
kl93		, but (62) doesn't virtually guarantee the truth of (61) (cf. Linebarger,
kl93	*	Even Sue said anything.
kl93		Sue was the most likely not to say anything.
kl93		.
kl93		Sue said something although she was the most likely not to say anything.
kl93		implies (63), and (63) guarantees the truth of (61). There is nothing in Linebarger's theory that disqualifies (63) as a licensing NI for (61). So
kl93		is incorrectly predicted to be good. Clearly, for any NPI-containing sentence that implies any statement with the NPI under negation (be it an entailment, presupposition, conversational implicature, or whatever), a licensing NI can be constructed in a similar manner, hence all such sentences are predicted to be good.
kl93	?	The sun rises more often than John visits any relatives.
kl93		Cows fly more often than John visits any relatives.
kl93	?	The sun rises more often than John visits relatives.
kl93	*	Each candidate who has any interest in semantics will be admit ted to the department.
kl93		Every child should have a daily glass of milk.
kl93		Each child should have a daily glass of milk.
kl93		Each candidate who has interest in semantics will be admitted to the department. set. But this conflicts with the requirement that each be discourse-linked.
kl93		Each author whose contribution is written in any language other than English will provide a summary in English.
kl93		I'm surprised/sorry that he ever said anything.
kl93	*	I'm sure/glad that I ever met him.
kl93	?	
kl93		I'm surprised he bought a car. Honda > car
kl93		I'm surprised he bought a Honda. presupposition. If so, what we have to check is whether (74) entails (75) on the assumption that he bought a Honda. Linebarger (1987) argues that even on this assumption, (74) does not logically entail (75): it is possible that the fact that he bought a car is surprising, but, given that he did buy a car, the choice of car is not surprising. Linebarger discusses the possibil ity that a weaker relation, 'psychological DE', does hold here, but she concludes that such a relation would fail to distinguish surprised from glad plained.
kl93		But these tickets are terrible!
kl93		I was surprised that he stole the watch, in as far as that was a daring thing to do.
kl93		Given my high opinion on his moral character, I was surprised that he stole the watch.
kl93		Were you surprised that he stole the watch?
kl93		I'm glad he bought a car. Honda = car
kl93		I'm glad he bought a Honda. cases. Nevertheless, we think there is a clear difference, and we will argue that the adversative predicates are DE on a constant perspective, while predicates like glad are not.
kl93		I'm sorry that anybody hates me.
kl93		I want for nobody to hate me.
kl93		is not a mere conversational implicature of (82). Rather, there is a very special connection between these two sentences, which is deter mined by the lexical meaning of sorry. It is deeply rooted in the meaning of sorry that if you are sorry about a fact A, given a certain perspective, that is because you want the opposite, i.e., - A, relative to the same perspective. Therefore, we think that (82) actually entails (83), as long as the perspective is kept constant; this is an entailment determined by lexical semantics. Vice versa, if the facts are the opposite (the negation) of a certain wish that you have, then you must be sorry about them, at least given the same perspective relative to which you have your wish. Similarly, there is a special connection between being glad and one's wishes. If you are glad that A, that is because you want A, relative to the same perspec tive. Vice versa, if A is a fact, and you want A, then you must be glad that A, given the same perspective. We summarize this in (84). (We're not taking a stand here on the analysis of lexical properties and we certainly don't mean to suggest that the connections in (84) involve lexical decomposition.)
kl93		Special connections determined by lexical semantics: glad that A - want A sorry that A - want - A
kl93		I'm glad he bought a car.
kl93		I'm sorry he bought a car.
kl93		He bought a Honda.
kl93		, in as much as it satisfies the wish. This explains the fact that speakers often judge that we have here DE on a constant perspective. However, note that I am not necessarily FORCED to be glad that he bought the false. empty. One of these subsets is the set of phonologists, so we get (c).
kl93	*	I'm glad I saw anybody.
kl93		But these tickets are terrible!
kl93		I'm glad ANYBODY likes me! glad. (2) I can't get what I really want - nobody who really counts likes me. (3) Somebody likes me who I wouldn't normally be glad about. (4)
kl93		Couldn't you get any tickets better than this!?
kl93		I know, he should have apologized, but you know what he's like - I'm glad he SPEAKS to me!
kl93		for example conveys something like the following. (1) What I really want is better tickets. (2) We didn't get better tickets. (3) We got these tickets, which I wouldn't normally be glad about. (4) I settle for less, and
kl93		It's fine that he paid and apologized, but I don't really care about his gratitude, or the money, or anything - I'm glad he
kl93		I'm glad that at least we got THESE tickets.
kl93	*	I'm glad that at least we got ANY tickets.
kl93		I'm glad at least that we got THESE tickets.
kl93	*	I'm glad at least that we got ANY tickets.
kl93		I'm at least glad that we got THESE tickets.
kl93	*	I'm at least glad that we got ANY tickets.
kl93	*	I'm sure we got ANY tickets!
kl93		I'm sure we even got THESE tickets!
kl93		I'm even sure we got THESE tickets!
kl93		I'm sure he SPEAKS to me!
kl93		and (97) cannot be used to convey that because we didn't get tickets that I would have been more sure about, I'm settling for less, and am sure about the tickets we did get. While 'settle for less' readings have a characteristic negative implication - they imply that my real wish was not satisfied - examples like (96), (97) and (98) do not have a parallel negative implication: (96) and (97) do not imply, concerning other tickets, that we didn't get them, (98) does not imply, concerning other things, that he doesn't do them (although the focus may suggest that I'm not SURE that he does them). Note also that in (96), even cannot be related to sure, but must be interpreted purely within the complement sentence. This again shows that sure doesn't allow a 'settle for less' sort of interpretation, since as noted above, it is only on the 'settle for less' interpretation that even can be related to glad while occupying a position in its complement. more.
kl93		I'm glad ANYBODY likes me!
kl93		I'm glad a linguist likes me. wide
kl93		I want a linguist to like me 'wide wish'
kl93		I'm glad a phonologist likes me. narrow
kl93		I want a phonologist to like me. 'narrow wish'
kl93		can be summed up as follows. (1) What I really want is for a phonolo gist to like me. (2) No phonologist likes me. (3) A linguist who is not a phonologist likes me, which I wouldn't normally be glad about. (4) I settle for less, and I'm glad about what I have.
kl93		I'm glad that a linguist likes me, given that what I really want is that a phonologist like me, but am willing to settle for a linguist.
kl93		If a phonologist were to like me, then I would be glad that a phonologist liked me, given that what I really want is that a phonologist like me. follow.
kl93		. For an obvious reason, the any in (104) is allowed only on the reading of (104) which is more or less equivalent to (103), i.e. where the because-clause is under the scope of the negation, and that is the only reading of (104) that we are interested in.
kl93		It's not because I have any sympathy for urban guerillas that I helped him.
kl93		I didn't help him because I have any sympathy for urban guer illas. (Linebarger, 1987; p. 342)
kl93		below implies that Sue didn't say anything bad about the speaker.
kl93		for example seems odd because any is licensed in (107) only if (107) is understood to create a contradiction (by implying that Sue didn't say anything bad about the speaker and claiming the opposite). What (108) shows is that the implication concerns the wide interpretation of the because-clause. In (109) we did our best to provide a natural textual context, and we will return to it later.
kl93		It isn't because Sue said anything bad about me that I'm angry.
kl93		#I didn't help him because I have any sympathy for urban guer illas, although I do sympathize with urban guerillas. (Line barger 1987, p. 344)
kl93	*	It isn't because Sue said anything bad about me that I'm angry, although she did say some bad things about me.
kl93		#It isn't because Sue said anything bad about me that I'm angry, although she did say one thing that I think was sort of nasty.
kl93		#When he accepted the case, Sir Winfred was already convinced that the accused was not guilty. His deep sympathy for defend ants that he believed to be innocent was well known, and the present case was no exception. Yet, in the present case, it wasn't because he had any such sympathy that he had decided to take on the case. It was his professional curiosity that led him this time: he was thoroughly puzzled by the case and when he heard who the prosecutor was, the prospect of renewing their previous animosity in the courtroom was irresistible. indirect. For example, any in (103) is licensed by the NI ('negative implica ture') in (110).
kl93		I don't have any sympathy for urban guerillas. it.
kl93		It isn't because I have sympathy for urban guerillas that I helped him, and there doesn't exist any sympathy that doesn't exist.
kl93		is equivalent to (103), because the part added in (111) is a tautology, and any sympathy in (111) occurs directly under negation, hence (111) qualifies as a licensing NI for (103). But (111) is compatible with the speaker having sympathy for urban guerillas, hence the prediction is that
kl93		should be licensed even when it is assumed that (110) is false. This is yet another instance of the problem of over-licensing that we discussed in Section 3.1.
kl93		We will offer our own account of why any is licensed when a negative implication is present and only then: we will argue that any is licensed metalinguistically in a way that directly involves the negative implication.
kl93		Dogs don't hear because they have eyes.
kl93		Dogs don't hear because they have lidded eyes.
kl93		Dogs don't hear because of their eyes.
kl93		Dogs don't hear because of their lidded eyes.
kl93		and (114) against the background assumption that there is no func tional relation between eyes and hearing. However, given this background assumption, one cannot check whether (112) entails (113), or (114) entails
kl93		, because the assumption itself entails all of these statements. So we will choose different examples.
kl93		It's because of my sharp eyes that I can see what it says on the blackboard.
kl93		It's because of my eyes that I can see what it says on the blackboard.
kl93		It's because I have sharp eyes that I can see what it says on the blackboard.
kl93		It's because I have eyes that I can see what it says on the blackboard.
kl93		It's because of a drunk man that I'm leaving the party.
kl93		It's because of a man that I'm leaving the party.
kl93		It's because there is a drunk man here that I'm leaving.
kl93		It's because there is a man here that I'm leaving. not. And indeed, (120) below is a contradiction (unless the negation is interpreted as metalinguistic), but (121) is not a contradiction (the fact that a man is present is not problematic, the fact that a drunk man is present is problematic). Also, we correctly predict that not because of
kl93		and (123) are felicitous, and show that there is no need for an accompanying negative implication (cf. (107) and (109) above).
kl93		It's not because of a man that I'm leaving the party, it's because of a drunk man.
kl93		It's not because there is a man here that I'm leaving, it's be cause there is a drunk man here.
kl93		It isn't because of anything she said that I'm angry - although she did say all sorts of annoying things - it's because of the faces she was making.
kl93		When he accepted the case, Sir Winfred was already convinced that the accused was not guilty. His deep sympathy for defend ants that he believed to be innocent was well known, and the present case was no exception. Yet, in the present case, it wasn't because of any such sympathy that he had decided to take on the case. It was his professional curiosity that led him this time: he was thoroughly puzzled by the case and when he heard who the prosecutor was, the prospect of renewing their previous animosity in the courtroom was irresistible.
kl93		I'm leaving because there is a man here.
kl93		It's not because there is a man here that I'm leaving.
kl93		Are you leaving because there is a man here?
kl93		If you are leaving because there is a man here, that's very childish of you.
kl93		It's not because anybody read her paper that she's happy.
kl93		It's not because a linguist read her paper that she's happy.
kl93		It's not because a phonologist read her paper that she's happy. sentence. Hence, it couldn't possibly influence the question of whether the strengthening inference WOULD go through if the presuppositions of premise and conclusion WERE to hold. it. A characteristic intonation contour typically accompanies this use of negation.
kl93		I didn't [mi Yonij] to solve the problem - I [menijd] to solve the problem. (Horn, 1985; p.132) suppositions. For example, in (129), the speaker objects to the existential presupposition.
kl93		The king of France isn't bald - there is no king of France!
kl93		It's not because anybody read her paper that she's happy.
kl93		'I reject the statement it's because somebody read her paper that she is happy, because it is not the case that anybody read her paper.'
kl93		is good only on this metalinguistic interpretation.
kl93		'It is not the case that it's because someone read her paper that she is happy.'
kl93		. We do not want to commit ourselves to the view that (130) is the exact semantic interpretation of (125) (on the metalinguistic interpretation
kl93		It's not because anybody read her paper that she is happy.
kl93	*	If it's because anybody read her paper that she is happy, I'll eat my hat.
kl93		If she's happy, I'll eat my hat.
kl93		If it's because somebody read her paper that she is happy, I'll eat my hat.
kl93		It's not because somebody read her paper that she is happy.
kl93		. What we are interested in here is the fact that despite the striking similarities between (134) and (135), any is licensed in (125) but not in
kl93		.
kl93		and (134) have a couple of things in common. Both of them are
kl93		1. I won't eat my hat reading. We will argue that rhetorical conditionals like (134) do not have a similar reading.
kl93		#If you [miYanij] to solve the problem, I'll eat my hat - what you'll do is [maenij] to solve the problem!
kl93	*	If the king of France opened the exhibition, I'll eat my hat - there is no king of France!
kl93		#If it's because somebody read her paper that she is happy, I'll eat my hat - nobody read her paper!
kl93		any is not licensed at all.
kl93		to (141) should be valid. But that is problematic, since 'strengthening the antecedent' inferences like this one seem, intuitively, dubious.
kl93		If John subscribes to a newspaper, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to a newspaper and he can't read, he gets well informed.
kl93		LIMITED DE:
kl93		to (144) do seem, intuitively, to go through.
kl93		If John subscribes to any newspaper, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to the New York Times, he gets well in formed. semantically. Therefore, the inference from (140) to (145) is also an instance of limited DE, and Heim predicts that it should hold. But in fact, the intuition is that it is just as dubious as the inference from (140) to
kl93		.
kl93		If John subscribes to a newspaper, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to a newspaper that he can't read, he gets well informed.
kl93		, but she will predict that (143) entails (145).
kl93		If John subscribes to any newspaper, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to a newspaper that he can't read, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to an important newspaper, he gets well informed. arise. As we will argue, the strengthening inferences required to license any in conditionals are always valid, because of the way widening interacts with the semantics of the conditional. That inferences like the one from
kl93		to (145) seem intuitively dubious is irrelevant to the licensing of any, and perfectly compatible with our account.
kl93		A conditional if A then C means, roughly:
kl93		In all 'relevant' cases (= cases which satisfy the restrictions in restriction. That is, antecedents of conditionals are DE 'on a constant
kl93		If John subscribes to a newspaper, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to the New York Times, he gets well in formed.
kl93		If John subscribes to a newspaper that he can't read, he gets well informed.
kl93		against the background knowledge that John lives in a place where the regular delivery of British newspapers is guaranteed, but the New
kl93		If John subscribes to any newspaper, he gets well informed.
kl93		narrow: If John subscribes to an important newspaper he gets well informed. in. We think it is natural to assume that this can never happen: the restriction cannot undo the effect of widening. Hence, the process of widening has the effect of minimally altering the restriction (if necessary), and in the case of our example, we get that the wide interpretation is as in (150).
kl93		wide: If John subscribes to a newspaper, important or unim portant, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to an important newspaper, he gets well informed.
kl93		(Oh, so) if he subscribes to the Ithaca Daily, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to a newspaper, including the Ithaca Daily, he gets well informed.
kl93		If John subscribes to the Ithaca Daily, he gets well informed.
kl93		wide: If John subscribes to a newspaper, important or unimportant, he gets well informed.
kl93		narrow: If John subscribes to an important newspaper, he gets well informed. ing. Hence, the cases that the conclusion is about are always included among the cases that the premise is about, and the entailment holds. This explains why any is always licensed in antecedents of conditionals. (We believe any is always licensed there; there are in the literature examples where it sounds odd, but we think the oddness is always due to indepen dent reasons.)
kl93		A dog gives live birth.
kl93		A large dog gives live birth.
kl93		If you were a dog, and not a legitimate exception (not a male, for example), you would give live birth.
kl93	*	Almost/absolutely an owl hunts mice.
kl93		Almost/absolutely any owl hunts mice.
kl93		, that is, to simple generic statements.
kl93		Any owl hunts mice.
kl93		Any lawyer could tell you that.
kl93		Take any apple.
kl93		An owl hunts mice.
kl93		V r XoWI(Owl) (Hunts mice)
kl93		means something like this: every possible object which has all the properties in Xowl and which is an owl hunts mice.
kl93		accounts for the intuition that certain owls that don't hunt mice may be regarded not as refuting (158), but rather as legitimate exceptions. quantification. Such an analysis can't be right, since all quantification is contextually restricted, and so the analysis would fail to explain why generics differ from regular universal quantifiers with respect to tolerating exceptions (as illustrated by a dog gives live birth vs. every dog gives lives birth). Hence, we need a further proposal.
kl93		A cat eats cat food. owner. etc. statement.
kl93		'all normal (possible) owls hunt mice', where what counts as normal is inherently vague. commitment.
kl93		). This probably has to do with the distributive nature of each.) There fore, if generic NPs were universal, one would expect them to be compat ible with almost and absolutely, contrary to the facts. But generic NPs are not universal in the way that NPs with every and no are: the former allow exceptions in a way that the latter do not. It seems natural to assume that that is why they can't be modified by almost and absolutely. Thus, by
kl93		A duck has colorful feathers and lays whitish eggs.
kl93		is fine as a generic statement and seems true, even though it is only male ducks that have the colorful feathers and only female ducks that lay the eggs. We think that (162) is a problem for any theory that makes the following assumptions: (i) generic statements like (162) involve a generic operator with quantificational force of some sort; (ii) (162) contains a single conjunctive predicate (and hence a single generic oper ator), that is, (162) is not treated as a case of conjunction reduction. On any such theory, (162) would ascribe the conjunctive property to the ducks that it generically quantifies over, and would therefore be false - no duck has that property. We think that it's assumption (ii) that should be given up, but we will not attempt to defend this here.)
kl93		An owl hunts mice.
kl93		, Landman (1991)). More precisely, we assume that the vague set denoted by Xow1 is a pair (vo, V), where Vo, the precise part, is a consistent set of properties that are compatible with the property OWL, and V, the set of precisifications of vo, is a set of consistent sets of properties such that each v E V is a superset of vo, and each v E V consists of properties
kl93		DV,B = d E B: for every P E v, d E P}
kl93		(Vo, V) is DOMAIN PRECISE ON B iff for every v E V, Dv,B =
kl93		Q I XA(A) is DOMAIN PRECISE iff for every context c, [XA]c is domain precise on [AIC. Otherwise, Q I XA(A) is DOMAIN
kl93		If Q I XA(A) is domain precise, [XALC = (vo, V), and JA]c = quantification.)
kl93		V[ r Xow,(Owl)lc = {B: Dxowl,c C B}
kl93		A bachelor is unmarried. tions. On the analysis we sketched above, this is due to a universal quantifier (V) which forms the basis of the generic quantification. We know that generic statements allow exceptions in a way that regular universal statements do not, and that generic NPs cannot be modified by almost.
kl93		has the same representation (159) as the regular generic statement
kl93		, but with widening applied to it.
kl93		Any owl hunts mice.
kl93		V \ Xow/(Owl) (Hunts mice)
kl93		V r Xowl(Healthy owl) (Hunts mice)
kl93		V r Xow,, healthy orsick(Owl, healthy or sick) (Hunts mice) where Xowl, healthy or sick is the result of minimally changing Xo1t so as to make both HEALTHY and SICK compatible with its precise part and with its precisifications.
kl93		satisfies strengthening if (170) entails (169), or, more informally, if (171) entails (172).
kl93		Every owl, healthy or sick, which is 'normal' (where 'normal' is compatible with HEALTHY and SICK) hunts mice.
kl93		Every healthy owl, which is 'normal' (where 'normal' may en tail HEALTHY) hunts mice.
kl93		- we have not specified the truth conditions for sentences with domain vague quantifiers or defined the relevant notion of entailment (to do that is the task of the theory of vagueness and the theory of generics, and is beyond the scope of this paper). However, we assume that any plausible semantics for generic statements will make the entailment from
kl93		to (169) valid. That is because given that the restriction of the wide interpretation is perhaps weaker, but never stronger, than the restriction of the narrow interpretation, it seems intuitively clear that the strengthen
kl93		Almost any owl hunts mice.
kl93		MXA ~ {P, - P}] is the result of changing IXAIl by removing every property S except for P and - P from [XA]C. (This means removing S from the precise part of [XAIc and from all its precisifications.)
kl93		Q r XA(A) is UNIVERSAL WITH RESPECT TO {P, - P} IN C iff
kl93		A pair of properties {P, -~ P} is NON-TRIVIAL on A iff both P and
kl93		A quantifier Q r XA(A) is DIMENSIONALLY UNIVERSAL iff for every context c, there is a pair of properties {P, -P} which is non-trivial on A]eC such that Q XA(A) is universal wrt quantification. In other words, we agree that an owl cannot be a legitimate exception to the statement just because it does or does not live in a church tower. Such a context determines that LIVING IN A CHURCH TOWER and NOT LIVING IN A CHURCH TOWER are neither in the precise part of the restriction, nor in any of the precisifications. This means that in that context, an owl is universal with respect to the pair {LIVING IN universal. In fact, it isn't, because there are also contexts in which there isn't such a non-trivial pair of properties. There is nothing about the meaning of the generic NP itself that guarantees that some non-trivial pair of properties is assumed not to play a role in restricting the quantification.
kl93		Any owl hunts mice. counterexample. In fact, no owl can be excluded from the set of owls that
kl93		(after widening) is about just because it fails to have the property widening. The same holds in general for NPs of the form any CN, in any context. Since widening along a dimension is part of the meaning of any following.
kl93		A healthy owl hunts mice. sick. widening. This explains why any CN, unlike a CN, can be modified by almost, and allows for a correct characterization of the meaning of almost any CN. quantifier. Now, some of the literature may be interpreted as suggesting that, assuming that any is basically existential, it might be possible to
kl93		Any owl hunts mice. paper. The final version was written while Fred was a Lady Davis Fellow at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and the financial support from the Lady Davis Fellowship Trust is gratefully acknowledged.