clc95		Somebody just left - guess who.
clc95		They claimed they had settled on something, but it wasn't clear what.
clc95		Somebody just left - guess who just left.
clc95		They claimed they had settled on something, but it wasn't clear what they had settled on.
clc95		This opera was written in the 19th century, but we're not sure by whom.
clc95		If Sam was going, Sally would know where.
clc95		He's going to give us one old problem for the test, but which problem isn't clear.
clc95		She's reading something. I can't imagine what.
clc95		They're going to serve the guests something, but it's unclear what.
clc95		If Sam was going somewhere, Sally would know where.
clc95		She's reading. I can't imagine what.
clc95		They're going to serve the guests, but it's unclear what.
clc95		John said Joan saw someone from her graduating class.
clc95		Joan ate dinner but I don't know with whom.
clc95	*	John ate dinner but I don't know who.
clc95	*	She mailed John a letter, but I don't know to whom.
clc95		I served leek soup to my guests.
clc95		I served leek soup.
clc95		I served my guests leek soup.
clc95		I served my guests.
clc95		She served the soup, but I don't know to whom.
clc95	*	She served the soup, but I don't know who.
clc95		She served the students, but I don't know what.
clc95		She was reading, but I couldn't make out what.
clc95	*	She was bathing, but I couldn't make out who.
clc95	*	She knew French for Tom.
clc95	*	The ship sank with a torpedo.
clc95	*	They noticed the painting for an hour.
clc95	*	John is tall on several occasions.
clc95	*	She knew French, but I don't know for whom.
clc95	*	The ship sank, but I don't know with what.
clc95	*	They noticed the painting, but I don't know for how long.
clc95	*	John was tall, but I don't know on what occasions.
clc95		Joan ate dinner with someone but I don't know who.
clc95		Joan ate dinner with someone but I don't know who with.
clc95	*	I know that Meg's attracted to Harry, but they don't know who.
clc95	*	Since Jill said Joe had invited Sue, we didn't have to ask who.
clc95		I know that Meg's attracted to Harry, but they don't know who
clc95		Since Jill said Joe had invited Sue, we didn't have to ask who
clc95		Because we suspected Joe had given it to Max, we then asked who he had given it to.
clc95	*	She said she had spoken to everybody, but he wasn't sure who.
clc95	*	Each of the performers came in, but were sitting so far back that we couldn't see who.
clc95		She didn't talk to one student.
clc95		She didn't talk to one student; I wonder who.
clc95	*	She doesn't meet anyone for dinner, but they can't figure out who.
clc95		Everyone relies on someone. It's unclear who.
clc95		Each student wrote a paper on a Mayan language, but I don't remember which one.
clc95		The newspaper has reported that they are about to appoint someone, but I can't remember who.
clc95		The newspaper has reported that they are about to appoint someone, but I can't remember who the newspaper has reported that they are about to appoint.
clc95		The newspaper has reported that they are about to appoint someone, but I can't remember who they are about to appoint.
clc95		Most columnists claim that a senior White House official has been briefing them.
clc95		Most columnists claim that a senior White House official has been briefing them, and the newspaper today reveals which one.
clc95		Most columnists claim that a senior White House official has been briefing them, but none will reveal which one.
clc95		Most columnists claim that a senior White House official has been briefing them, but none will reveal which one has been briefing them.
clc95		We know how many papers this reviewer has read, but we don't know which ones.
clc95		Bill wondered how many papers Sandy had read, but he didn't care which ones.
clc95		I never know which papers Sandy has read, but I usually know how many.
clc95		Sandy had read how many papers?!
clc95		Everybody gets on well with a certain relative, but often only his therapist knows which one.
clc95		Which book did each author recommend?
clc95		His or her least known work.
clc95		Joan said she talked to some students but I don't know who.
clc95		John read three of the books but I don't know which ones.
clc95		They were going to meet sometime on Sunday, but the faculty didn't know when.
clc95		We should put them in the dinning room but it's not clear where.
clc95		We should put them somewhere in the dinning room but it's not clear where.
clc95		They were going to meet sometime on Sunday, but the faculty didn't know when they were going to meet.
clc95		She served the soup, but I don't know to whom.
clc95	*	She served the soup, but I don't know who.
clc95		She served the students, but I don't know what.
clc95		John likes some students, but I don't know who.
clc95		I don't know who John likes.
clc95		I don't know who the students John likes are.
clc95		John likes some students, but I don't know who.
clc95	*	John likes some students, but I don't know who John likes some students.
clc95	*	Joan said she talked to the students, but Fred couldn't figure out who.
clc95	*	He announced he had eaten the asparagus, but we didn't know what.
clc95		He announced he had eaten the asparagus, but we didn't know which asparagus.
clc95		She was reading the books under the table, but Fred didn't know what books.
clc95		He announced he would marry the woman he loved most, but none of his relatives could figure out who.
clc95		She read until midnight, and I wonder what she read.
clc95		They were eating, and I wonder what they were eating.
clc95	*	She found out, and I wonder what.
clc95	*	They applied yesterday, and I wonder what for.
clc95		John is working on War and Peace but I don't know which chapter.
clc95		She talked to John or Mary but I don't know which.
clc95		She talked to John or Mary but I don't know which one.
clc95		She read one of the books but I don't know whose.
clc95		She talked to several students but I don't know how many.
clc95		She talked to Harry, but I don't know who else.
clc95		I will see them, but I don't know how many of them.
clc95		Everyone who knows either Susan or Laura likes her.
clc95	*	She said she talked to three students but I don't know how many.
clc95	*	She said she talked to those students but I don't know how many.
clc95	*	She said she talked to few students, but I don't know how many.
clc95	*	Everyone said they would come but I don't know how many of them.
clc95		He shouted again, but I don't know who to.
clc95		She was dancing, but I don't know who with.
clc95		She was dancing with somebody, but I don't know who with.
clc95		Several firefighters were injured, but it's not known
clc95		Charles was criticized, but I can't remember who by.
clc95		Charles was criticized by some students, but I can't remember which ones.
clc95		Meg is attracted to somebody, but they don't know who.
clc95	*	Meg is attracted to Harry, but they don't know who.
clc95		Meg is attracted to somebody, but they don't know who she
clc95		Meg is attracted to Harry, but they don't know who she is attracted to.
clc95		Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a certain problem, but she wouldn't tell us which one.
clc95		That certain countries would vote against the resolution has been widely reported, but I'm not sure which ones.
clc95		The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet with one of the student groups, but I'm not sure which one.
clc95	*	Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a certain problem, but she wouldn't tell us which one.
clc95	*	That certain countries would vote against the resolution has been widely reported, but I'm not sure which ones.
clc95	*	The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet with one of the student groups, but I'm not sure which one.
clc95	*	What circumstances will we use force under?
clc95	*	What sense is this theory right in?
clc95		We are willing to use force under certain circumstances, but we will not say in advance which ones,
clc95		This theory is surely right in some sense; it's just not clear which.
clc95	*	John and someone were dancing together, but I don't know who.
clc95	*	They persuaded Kennedy and some other senator to jointly sponsor the legislation, but I can't remember which one.
clc95		It has been determined that somebody will be appointed; it's just not clear yet who.
clc95		Sally asked if somebody was going to fail Syntax One, but I can't remember who.
clc95		The TA's have been arguing about whether some student or other should pass, but I can't now remember which one.
clc95	*	It has been determined that somebody will be appointed; it's just not clear yet who.
clc95	*	Sally asked if somebody was going to fail math class, but I can't remember who.
clc95	*	The TA's have been arguing about whether some student or other should pass, but I can't now remember which one.
clc95		Sandy is very anxious to see if the students will be able to solve the homework problem in a particular way, but she won't tell us which.
clc95		Sandy is very anxious to see if the students will be able to solve the homework problem in a particular way, but she won't tell us in which way.
clc95		Clinton is anxious to find out which budget dilemmas Panetta would be willing to tackle in a certain way, but he won't say in which.
clc95		Sandy is wondering whether there will be students who have to drop the class for a certain reason, but she won't reveal what.
clc95	*	In which way is Sandy very anxious to see if the students will be able to solve the homework problem?
clc95	*	In which way is Clinton anxious to find out which budget dilemmas Panetta would be willing to solve?
clc95	*	Why is Sandy wondering whether there will be students who have to drop the class?
clc95		I know how many homeworks I've graded, but I don't know how many Bill has.
clc95	*	What did you leave before they did?
clc95	*	What did you leave before they started playing?
clc95		Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a certain problem, but she wouldn't tell us which one.
clc95		That certain countries would vote against the resolution has been widely reported, but I'm not sure which ones.
clc95		The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet with one of the student groups, but I'm not sure which one.
clc95		Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a certain problem.
clc95		That certain countries would vote against the resolution has been widely reported.
clc95		The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet with one of the student groups.
clc95		Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a problem.
clc95		The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet a student group.
clc95		Sandy was trying to work out which students would be able to solve a problem, but she wouldn't tell us which one.
clc95		The administration has issued a statement that it is willing to meet a student group, but I'm not sure which one.
clc95		I think Agnes said that Bill would speak, but I don't remember what about.
clc95	*	Agnes wondered how John could eat but it's not clear what.
clc95	*	That Tom will win is likely, but it's not clear which race.
clc95		It's likely that Tom will win, but it's not clear which race.
clc95	*	Bob found a plumber to fix the sink but it's not clear what with.
clc95	*	Tony sent Mo a picture that he painted, but it's not clear with what.
clc95	*	Sandy is very anxious to see which students will be able to solve the homework problem, but she won't say how.
clc95	*	Clinton is anxious to find out which budget dilemmas Panetta would be willing to tackle, but he won't say how.
clc95		We don't know with whom she's been dancing.
clc95		She's been dancing but we don't know with whom.
clc95	*	Who did they see someone?